Previously on The Blacklist...
- I went out for a smoke and he was here.
- What the hell?
You let this guy go.
he's going to the cops.
We are all going to jail.
starting with you.
Keen.
Detective Martin Wilcox. Metro PD.
I'm looking into
this missing-persons case.
Lieutenant Ames. DC Harbormaster.
I had no idea Tom would kill him.
What about witnesses?
Just want to ask you a few questions.
then you're free to go.
You are Samuel Aleko.
I know you were there.
My father was killed
because of the Fulcrum.
because you and your people
came for it that night.
This charade...
of you pretending to care about me
was a waste of your time because
I don't know where it is.
I have a safe.
It's in St. Petersburg.
The number from the safe
traces to a blind exchange.
We can't identify the party
you'll be speaking to.
Who the hell is this?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Our suspect is patient. calm.
He likely spends hours
scouting the prey.
He's only interested in big men.
the ones who are hard to take down.
like the big bucks in the wild.
Now. you're looking for
an incredibly smart offender.
highly organized.
White male. likely 35 to 40.
It is the sport that he's seduced by.
the ritual of the hunt.
When he does finally
make his move. it happens fast.
striking in a blitz-style attack
most never see coming.
His heart-shot prey
rarely make it over 100 feet
before bleeding out.
That moment is everything to him...
the rush of control.
The typical mutilation killer
focuses on a specific
area of the anatomy
that suits their interest...
the face. the eyes or mouth.
the extremities.
hands. breasts. genitalia.
But this one's different...
he's interested in
total domination of the body.
He guts them. removing the
organs with surgical precision.
but then leaving them in a pile.
But these aren't sex crimes.
which indicates they are instead
crimes of domination.
an effort on his part
to gain control over men
who. based on
their physical similarities.
represent a man who once
had dominance over him...
a father. an older brother.
It is my belief that
"The Deer Hunter" is. in fact.
a very slight. rather weak man.
Yes. blue shirt.
They say he takes a souvenir.
It's not a souvenir.
it's a final act of domination.
While his prey's body is still warm.
he carves out the liver and
takes a single ceremonial bite.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com web dl sync snarry
_
Man. we had a deal.
I testify against Keen and her husband.
I tell you how they killed the
harbormaster. and I walk.
Yeah. you will walk.
when the trial's over.
Until then. you're being charged
as an accessory.
I told you everything.
Yeah.
And because of that.
you're gonna be the star witness
in the murder trial
of FBI Agent Elizabeth Keen.
You're gonna testify in open court.
You're gonna testify
before the grand jury.
You're gonna be deposed
until you're blue in the face.
And if you change your story
by so much as a comma.
your immunity deal will be voided
and you're gonna go to prison
for the rest of your life.
Am I clear?
Yeah.
Yes?
Sorry I cut our previous call short.
I was not confident
the line was secure.
- Tell me your name.
- Not yet.
Then you have me at a disadvantage.
Yes.
Alan Fitch directed me to that safe.
Your number was inside.
He wanted us to talk.
Why?
What does he want me to know?
It is happening.
What is?
What's happening?
No. not like this...
in person.
2:00 PM tomorrow.
Broadway and 92nd.
Center island. south side.
A graduate seminar.
Was there a slide show?
We need to talk about the Fulcrum.
I told you.
I don't know anything about it.
Elizabeth. one of the reasons
I'm still alive
is due to my love of reading.
whether it be words on a page
that reveal the author's
thoughts. emotions. imagination.
or whether it be
people in conversation.
to ignore what they say
and instead read their expression.
posture. their gesture.
Lizzy. you're lying.
I'm not.
What if we made a deal?
I help you find your serial killer.
and you tell me about the Fulcrum.
You're not even interested
in serial killers.
True.
I find them unimaginative
and woefully predictable.
But I am interested
in the cases that
you and the FBI have wrong.
Wrong?
The most critical assumption
you're making about The
Deer Hunter is wrong.
Do we have a deal or not?
This brute they call The Deer Hunter
isn't a buck at all.
but instead a delicate doe.
A woman?
I disagree with you.
Okay.
But your killer
attacks from a distance.
indicating the predator's smaller.
perhaps unable to overpower their prey.
Men tend to kill in close proximity...
strangulation.
blunt instrument. a knife.
By contrast. women tend to favor
weapons that can be used
from further away...
poison. a gun. a crossbow.
Richard Kuklinski was 6'5". 300 pounds.
and one of his favorite
weapons of choice was cyanide.
Yes. but male serial killers
are predominantly. overwhelmingly
sexually sadistic.
In this case.
there is not the slightest
indication of a sexual motive.
Aileen Wuornos was a prostitute
who lured her victims in
with the promise of sex.
The Deer Hunter has been active
for over a decade.
from the truck driver
in Des Moines in 2003
to the doorman
in Adams Morgan last night.
That's 12 years.
The average length
of a killing spree for a man
is two. perhaps three.
Yes. Agent Keen. for every rule
there is an exception.
Each factor. taken separately.
is not conclusive.
but put them together and it's clear...
you haven't found your man
because he's a woman.
Uh. Agent Keen. uh. the ME called.
He just finished his autopsy
on the latest victim.
I used to have a teeming mane
just like that.
Oh. Uh...
Thank you.
Every kill is identical.
Same clean incisions
at the stomach and the liver.
same knots binding the anus.
No variations?
When field dressing's done well.
it's like an autopsy.
The way he opens subjects.
I want to show you...
What is it?
I left that body covered.
The hallway. That was him!
He was at my lecture!
Hey. you!
Brown coat. stop!
Hands where I can see them!
- Okay. okay. okay!
- Don't move!
It's just my phone!
- Hands!
- Okay.
It's just my phone. okay?
♪ say nighty-night
and kiss me ♪
♪ just hold me tight
and tell me you'll miss me ♪
♪ while I'm alone
and blue as can be ♪
Stop looking at me like that.
I'm fine.
I'll be fine.
It's not... I don't like it
any more than you do.
But someone has to do this!
This is Chad Henning.
Mommy has to go across town to see him.
To see Chad Henning.
I won't be long.
What the hell were you
doing in the ME's office?
I told you. I write Metro Crime Diary.
That's why I was
at your lecture... research.
There's no research in that rag sheet.
It's gossip and innuendo.
So. what were you really doing there?
You used fake credentials
to get into the ME's office.
You took my phone.
You know all I was doing
was taking pictures.
You're obsessed with serial killers.
You write about them all the time.
How do we know
you're not The Deer Hunter?
You're not looking for The Deer Hunter.
What's that supposed to mean?
The first six victims. Mark
Rodgers through Perry Holloman.
he was experimenting.
The field dressing became cleaner.
he switched from
a folder to a field blade...
We didn't overlook that.
He was learning. evolving.
Evolving implies
that he wanted to improve.
Are you saying he didn't?
The techniques and incisions
used on the last six victims
are all identical.
The Deer Hunter loved to explore.
There's no way he would repeat himself.
You think we're dealing with a copycat.
The Deer Hunter is an artist.
The guy you're looking for is a forger.
Keen.
Agent Keen?
It's Detective Wilcox.
I-I don't know if you remember me.
We... we spoke some time ago.
Yes. Detective.
I remember you were looking
into the disappearance
of the DC harbormaster.
Yeah. It's... it's not
a missing-persons case anymore.
We recovered the body.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I was hoping for better news.
Yeah.
Well...
I-I need you
to tell me what you know.
I would like to. Detective.
but as I told you.
the reason I came into contact
with the harbormaster...
t-the case I was working on
at the time...
it's classified.
That's not gonna fly anymore.
See. the thing is. recovering the body
is not the only development
in the case.
I also found...
Samuel Aleko.
He places you at the scene.
Agent Keen...
you and your ex-husband.
He tells quite a story.
Says the two of you
are stone-cold killers.
Even if I wanted
to answer your questions.
before I could talk.
you would need to get...
A federal judge
to rule that my investigation
supercedes your case.
It's... it's in the works.
An AUSA's gonna
sit down with Mr. Aleko.
hear what he has to say.
And I-I have no doubt that. as
a result of that conversation.
a petition's gonna be
filed in federal court
requesting that I have complete access
to any of your allegedly
classified information.
This conversation is over.
Well. I-I-I think
it's just beginning.
Hello. Edgar.
Mr. Reddington.
Samuel Aleko will be transferred
tomorrow afternoon.
That's not gonna work.
Look. he has to talk to the guy.
This is the window.
He leaves the V Street station
between 2:00 and 4:00.
You have to reschedule the transfer.
There's somewhere else I need to be.
Look. you know I'd do anything
for you. Mr. Reddington.
but. I mean. this thing's in motion.
This is the window.
It is what it is.
Cinnamon-nut crumble?
Brown-sugar pecan.
Oh. my.
Lucinda knows
how you love her coffee cake.
Oh. I do.
Mmm!
Be well. Edgar. and tell Lucinda
if she ever leaves you.
I'd like to marry her.
Just remember.
tomorrow between 2:00 and 4:00.
I've been through every case file.
and I'll be damned
if kruse doesn't have a point.
I mean. the last six kills
are identical.
We assumed that was because
he'd perfected his craft.
that there was no room for improvement.
But the more I look at it.
the more I think we're wrong.
that there really is a copycat.
I just can't prove it.
What is it?
What?
Nothing.
Come on. Keen.
What is it?
I know you better than that.
Where's your head?
That cop. the one
investigating the harbormaster?
He's got evidence.
He found the body.
And the witness.
Did he talk?
I think he did. yes.
It's your word against his.
I've hidden behind the task
force for as long as I can.
told him I couldn't talk
because it was classified.
but he's taking the case
to a federal judge.
- Tom is the one who killed this guy.
- But I was there.
- I should have...
- What. stopped him?
Liz. you tried.
They'll have enough to arrest me.
Then go to Cooper.
ask him to talk to the AUSA.
The last thing he wants
is some cop poking around
asking questions about what we do.
Liz. listen to me.
Tom may have killed this guy.
but "FBI Agent Goes To Prison"
is the headline.
All they're gonna care about
is taking a bite out of y...
That's it.
What?
Kruse was right about the copycat.
I can prove it.
_
I'm sorry. I don't mean
to second-guess you.
Oh. Mary. please. You have
nothing to apologize for.
It's just... my son.
If anything were to happen to me...
Nothing's going to happen
to you or your son.
It's entirely natural
for you to feel this way.
to have second thoughts.
If you didn't. I'd be very concerned.
If there was any other way...
You've tried every other way.
You've been reasonable.
worked within the system.
begged. pleaded.
I know. but...
Mary. look at me.
Is there evil in your life?
Yes.
Is it not just and right
to eliminate evil?
Say it.
Yes.
So...
are you in. or are you out?
I need to know. because
if this comes back on me.
it's going to come back on us both.
Do you understand?
I'm in.
Well. that's good.
Then it's done.
I pulled the forensics like you asked
and had the lab compare the bite
marks left on each liver
for the first six kills
with those from the last six.
What are you doing?
What? Um. nothing.
I'm updating the team.
Aram?
- The bite marks.
- Right.
Uh. turns out. the. uh. distance
measurements on the upper arch
are 2.8% wider in the first six
victims than in the second six.
Two different bites
at the proverbial apple.
Nice work. Ressler.
So. it's official...
we're looking for a copycat.
_
Okay. are you sure
you have your glasses?
Yes.
Okay. well Mrs. Jost
called me again
about you squinting
at the blackboard all day.
It's why you keep getting
those headaches.
Mom. it's not the glasses.
Mrs. Jost just has
crappy handwriting.
Language.
Okay. now. don't forget.
your father is gonna
pick you up after...
Elsa. honey. what is it?
The bus is here.
Oh. my...
Oh.
We're very sorry for your loss.
How long were the two of you married?
Five years. together almost nine.
I just...
This can't be happening.
The... Deer Hunter.
right?
- The killer on the news?
- Yes.
Of course. we're limited
in what we can disclose.
but The Deer Hunter has a very
specific method of operation.
The manner of death.
the treatment of the body...
it's consistent with his profile.
I knew something was wrong.
Chad works in construction. and
he didn't come home after work.
We have a son. He's only 4.
What am I supposed to tell him?
You tell him...
we're gonna find whoever did this.
How?
According to the papers.
you don't even have a suspect.
We have some promising new theories.
Actually. one in particular...
we believe this may not be the
work of the actual Deer Hunter.
We think it's a copycat.
- We really shouldn't...
- No. it's okay.
She deserves to know.
We're getting closer to the truth.
That's...
Thank you.
No. thank you.
We appreciate your time.
I can only imagine how difficult
this must be for you.
What the hell was that?
She was covering.
I don't know what.
but that woman knows something.
Yeah. I picked up on that. Keen.
but since when do you hand a
person of interest your profile?
My profile is wrong.
There was nothing specific
connecting the original
Deer Hunter's victims
other than the physical. but
the copycat. his victims...
You think the copycat's targeting
a specific type of victim?
What if he is?
I had assumed he was operating
like the original killer.
but what if he chose those victims
based on a different unifying reason?
He could be masking his agenda
by making it look like the work
of a different serial killer.
Well. maybe there's something in
the victims' histories we missed.
But how does Mary Henning fit in?
Don't know yet.
But I rattled her.
We should let her stew and take
another run at her tomorrow.
Yes?
Who the hell are you?
Mr. Reddington
asked me to...
Why are you wearing a sidearm?
He needs to reschedule.
No. no.
That's not how it works.
I told him to come alone.
I gave very specific instructions.
Mr. Reddington's
a man of his word.
If it were possible. he would be here.
Wherever he is.
whatever the hell he's doing.
I hope it's important.
What the hell's going on?
Hang tight. pal.
90 seconds.
When I was young.
I wanted to be able to dance
just like Gary Goddard.
I still remember
going to the Snowflake Dance
and watching him for the first time.
That kid. man. he could move.
Won the eighth-grade
talent show.
He was on the Yell Squad.
Gary even danced his way
into Helen Hummer's pants.
and let me tell you something.
that was like breaking into Fort Knox.
Pops. who the hell are you?
Then in the summer of '88.
I saw Gary in the diaper aisle
at Safeway.
He looked like hell.
Gray.
Out of breath. fatigued.
Turns out Gary had a bicuspid valve.
needed a heart transplant.
He was on the wait list
until the day he died.
How long has Isaac
been on the list now?
How do you know about my brother?
Six months?
A year? Two?
How long is he gonna have to wait?
They won't say.
I can get your brother a heart
within the week.
Best surgeons.
best post-op care.
and it won't cost you a dime.
Why would you do that for me?
Because you're gonna
do something for me.
We found the link. or at least
what could be the link.
We have seven victims.
so we started over
with the most basic question.
- "Do they know each other?"
- Right. but that theory died quickly.
There are seven victims
all from different states.
different ages. no schools in
common. no family relations.
So. they're not connected.
but something about them is?
Makes sense. but everything
we tried was a bust.
And then it hit me...
maybe the one thing
we know about the victims
is the one thing holding us back.
Maybe the victims
aren't victims... not entirely.
Joseph Riggs.
the copycat's second target.
The guy had a rap sheet.
including a conviction
for misdemeanor menacing.
He pointed a knife at his girlfriend.
said he'd kill her if she left him.
Which brings us to target four.
Andrew Cosgrove.
Divorced from his second wife. Diane.
The transcript
for a family court proceeding
makes reference to a restraining order.
Okay. so that's two.
What about the others?
Number five. Judd Liggett.
No criminal record. but a year
before he was murdered.
he was disciplined
by the graduate school program
he was attending.
Let me guess... after complaints
were made by a female student.
Aggravated harassment.
Nonstop phone calls.
stalking her in class.
The girl was terrified. but
no criminal charges were filed.
That's why it wasn't on our radar.
Stalkers. obsessive types.
men who get violent when
the women they want reject them.
That's what Mary Henning was hiding...
she was afraid of her husband.
Whoever killed him
might have been protecting her.
If we're right.
these seven men had dangerous
fixations on seven women.
The copycat killer
was protecting those women.
Yeah. but those women
were in five different states.
How did the killer even know
they were in danger?
Hang on a sec.
Diane Cosgrove got legal help
with her divorce
from a local nonprofit
called Docket One.
Uh. the student advocacy group
that went after Judd Liggett
- was called...
- Bright Voice.
Bright...
Bright Voice.
They're both affiliates of a
national organization called...
Whitehaven Shelters.
We are the largest
nonprofit victims' assistance
association in the US.
Every year.
there are 7 million victims
of harassment and stalking.
We help to provide those people
with legal. medical.
and social services.
Do you keep records of the people
you provide assistance to?
Of course. Why?
It's our understanding
that these seven women
obtained aid from
your Whitehaven affiliates.
We'd like to know everything we could
about your interaction with them.
As you can imagine. we take
privacy very seriously here.
I assume you have a court order.
We'll get one if necessary.
Unless there's some kind of danger
of imminent threat or harm.
I don't feel comfortable...
Are you familiar with Chad Henning?
- Name sounds familiar.
- It should.
His body was found hanging from a tree
this morning in Takoma Park.
You're talking about
the serial murders.
Chad Henning was
the husband of Mary Henning.
a woman who received legal counsel
from a free clinic
provided by Whitehaven.
In fact. all the names on that list
were in relationships
with victims of The Deer Hunter.
The only other thing
those seven women have in common
is your organization.
It's quite possible that the
person committing these murders
interacted with these women
through Whitehaven.
We're gonna need a full list
of your employees and volunteers
of the last five years.
I'll get you everything I can.
Just give me a few hours
to put it together.
Thank you.
I know. I'm...
I'm overreacting. right?
I mean. I don't know
if she talked with the FBI.
But if Mary did talk.
she'd expose everyone.
And I don't care about myself.
But the other women...
I have to do something. right?
You're right.
I'm overreacting.
I should just relax.
She'd never betray me.
None of them would.
The last victim's wife.
the one you let stew.
apparently you did a really great job.
because she is boiling over.
- She called?
- Just got off the phone with her.
- She wants to talk.
- Let's go. Keen.
Look. if you're here
because you want to give me
more unsolicited advice
about my case...
Tempting as that may be.
I'm here to speak to Agent Mojtabai.
Oh. No one ever calls me that.
Aram...
I need your assistance
locating the source of a call
that was placed to a pay phone
- at 92nd and Broadway.
- I need a warrant.
You won't need a warrant.
Of course I won't need a warrant.
This is the number.
The call was placed at
exactly 2:00 PM yesterday.
- Aram?
- Yes.
I can't stress enough
the urgency of this matter.
♪ me and you and you and me ♪
Thank you for coming. I...
Tracy. hello.
I was expecting someone else.
We have a situation.
♪ so happy together ♪
What is it?
What happened?
The FBI found the connection.
They came to Whitehaven...
asking for the names of every employee.
The FBI. they came. but I
didn't say anything. I promise.
♪ for all my life ♪
♪ when you're with me.
baby. the skies will be blue ♪
Who were you expecting?
Friends for book club.
Oh. you're lying.
It's you.
You're the weak link.
After what you've done for me. for us?
Tracy. honestly. before you.
I was in a desperate situation.
You saw the marks.
He threatened to kill me.
I tried the police.
all the right channels.
and no one lifted a finger.
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba
ba-ba-ba ♪
- ♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
- I'm grateful to you.
I would never betray you.
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba
ba-ba-ba ♪
- ♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
- You...
Hello. Miss Henning?
♪ no matter how they toss
the dice. it had to be ♪
Miss Henning?
I'll take the back.
♪ so happy together ♪
♪ ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ and how is the weather? ♪
- ♪ ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
- Miss Henning. FBI.
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
♪ so happy together ♪
♪ we're happy together ♪
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
♪ so happy together ♪
♪ happy together ♪
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
Miss Henning?
♪ we're happy together ♪
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
♪ so happy together ♪
♪ happy together ♪
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
♪ we're happy together ♪
Keen!
♪ ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
♪ so happy together ♪
Ugh!
It's gonna be okay.
Think.
Oh!
Did Ressler get a visual
from the witness?
No.
She's still unconscious.
I've been screening
service providers...
uh. therapists. lawyers. doctors.
anyone who's worked with the
wives of our copycat's victims.
Someone connecting the women.
Right. but I got nothing.
Then I took a look at Whitehaven's
employees and volunteers.
At one time or another.
all of the victims' wives
reached out to one
of Whitehaven's affiliates
for assistance.
Legal. medical. financial...
that's how he's finding his victims.
All but one.
In every case. their husbands
were murdered by the copycat
after they sought help. except her...
Tracy Solobotkin.
Her husband was
the first victim of our copycat.
and she was hired over
three months after his death.
Why after?
Her problem was already solved.
Maybe she wanted to help women
who were still in bad relationships.
Maybe she wanted
to help other women end them.
Says here she works in accounting.
which would give her access
to the names of every woman
who got assistance from Whitehaven.
Perfect opportunity for her
to identify violent spouses.
- Talk about a target-rich environment.
- I'm on my way.
Get a BOLO out on all vehicles
registered to Tracy Solobotkin.
We got a Code Nine.
Deploy every available unit
to her address.
I don't want to do this. but I have to.
Nobody can connect me to Mary but you.
ME won't buy it.
Victimology's all wrong.
The Deer Hunter killed men.
Is that
what you call them? Men?
This wasn't
supposed to happen this way.
I didn't want to hurt Mary
or anybody else.
anybody but them!
I understand.
Maybe a jury will.
That's what I said.
To The Deer Hunter. the real one.
He was my husband.
My God.
His father. a bastard.
pushing him. pushing him.
picking on him. cutting him down.
He didn't want to face what he
was. so he overcompensated.
Always pretending...
macho. tough...
...trying too hard
with the ladies. but I knew.
After we got married. there's...
you know. there's nothing
that can hide that.
You'd think that after his father died.
that he'd come to grips with it.
Mnh-mnh.
He got angry. mean. isolated.
Every weekend on hunting trips...
that's what he called them.
You had no idea.
Mnh-mnh.
After the separation.
I was staying at my sister's.
I came by the house one night
to get my things.
I thought he was gone. but he
was in here. in the garage.
He had blood on his mouth.
on his clothes.
The Deer Hunter
had been all over the news.
So. in that moment. I knew...
what he'd done.
And I tried to leave. but...
but he came towards me.
He knew I knew.
so he couldn't let me go.
And I'd never held a weapon.
I-I-I-I...
I'd fended him off
with a knife before. but that?
I never held a bow.
Before I knew it. the arrow
went straight through his heart.
And I thought about calling the police.
turning myself in.
but then I realized...
You could continue.
You could...
Well. yeah.
All those women Whitehaven
had helped. just like me...
I could give them their lives
back by becoming him.
And it's
not easy. It's hard work.
It's filthy work. but it's worth it...
Just to he... just to see
them scared for a change.
to hear them whimper and...
and... and beg.
All the things after...
you know. with the cutting. the mess...
I hated it.
But I-I didn't
have a choice.
I'm sick.
I know.
Disgusting. but that's
the way Ron did it.
so I have no choice.
I mean. from...
f-from beyond the grave.
he still pulls the strings.
Okay.
You got to do what you got to do.
But can you please. please
just do me one favor?
Yes?
Shut the hell up and get it over with.
What? You think I don't know
why you're really doing this?
You think I'm buying this whole
"justice for victims" crap?
Well. it's true.
You're just like your husband.
- I'm nothing like my husband!
- You're exactly like him.
like all the sick.
psychopathic animals we lock up.
Oh. you haven't heard a word
that I've been saying.
I've heard every word.
"I could
give them back their lives."
Why don't you just admit it?
You get off on killing people.
It doesn't matter if the
victim's a scumbag or a saint...
you get off just the same.
just like your husband.
Tom. no!
Let me go!
Keen!
Keen! Stop.
Keen. don't.
You okay?
Yeah. Fine.
Back there. uh...
I can't do this.
Maybe you need some time.
a couple weeks.
When's the last time
you took a vacation?
You're kidding. right?
I would have killed her
if you hadn't shown up.
You would have done
what you had to do to survive.
Same as on the boat.
No. that was different.
That was Tom.
- You tried to stop him.
- But I didn't.
I hesitated.
And maybe I thought for just one second
it would be better for me
if he were dead.
- Liz...
- No.
That man had a family.
He had a life.
I'm gonna go to Wilcox.
I'm gonna tell him everything.
How many people
do you think are alive today
that wouldn't be if it wasn't
for the work that we do?
- Please.
- 50? 100?
How many. Liz?
How many families haven't buried
a mother. a father.
brother. sister?
Children?
That doesn't make it right.
No. It's never
gonna be right.
See. the only question
is the body count.
So. you go ahead and you
nail yourself to a cross.
and while you're up there
feeling sanctified.
you consider
how many people are gonna die
because this task force gets shut down
and the rest of those animals
on Reddington's list
are still out there feeding.
- Ressler...
- No. Don't.
Don't ask me to feel your pain. Liz.
I got more than enough of my own.
Do you. Samuel Aleko.
swear under penalty of perjury
that the following is true and correct?
Yeah.
Please tell the US attorney
exactly what you told me
about Agent Elizabeth Keen's
involvement
in the murder of
DC Harbormaster Eugene Ames.
♪ calling to join them.
the wretched and joyful ♪
♪ shaking the wings
of their terrible youths ♪
Mr. Aleko...
let me remind you. you're under oath.
I don't remember.
You confessed
that Agent Keen was present
when the harbormaster was killed
and that she deliberately
covered up his death.
That's what you want me to say.
That's not how it was.
♪ she's the angel of small death
and the codeine scene ♪
Dembe. Uh. yes.
Uh. Mr. Reddington
said I should call
as soon as I traced the call.
Uh. yes. I have an address.
Uh. 3130 Sheridan Road. Park Slope.
I figured it out.
What?
What you're doing.
The hairline.
Guys don't get it...
most women don't care if men go bald.
No.
Did you think I...
You're sexy no matter what.
I'm not going bald. I just...
I have a high hairline.
Wait. what?
Did you just say that...
Yep.
Just don't get fat.
♪ with her sweetened breath
and her tongue so mean ♪
♪ she's the angel of small death
and the codeine scene ♪
Do you have a phone?
♪ With her sweetened breath
and her tongue so mean ♪
♪ she's the angel of small death
and the codeine scene ♪
Spare change?
- There you go.
- God bless you. sir. Thanks.
Hey.
It's gonna be a freeze tonight.
There's a place about. uh.
two blocks up called The Grant.
Give this to the guy
in the cage. His name's Ronnie.
- He'll. uh. cut you a rate.
- Thank you. Officer.
Go get a shower.
Get yourself cleaned up.
For sure.
♪ she's the angel of small death
and the codeine scene ♪
You all right?
Yeah. Fine.
What were you thinking
running after a killer alone
without backup?
- Are you scolding me?
- Yes.
Yes. I'm scolding you.
That was foolish. Lizzy.
You could have been...
- Killed.
- Exactly that.
Killed.
What are you gonna do?
Ground me?
Take away my phone privileges?
You were right about The Deer Hunter...
he was a man.
And a woman.
We were both half right.
Together. we were right.
I have the Fulcrum.
Tell me what it is. and
I'll tell you where to find it.
I've already told you what I can.
To elaborate would place you
in grave danger.
- I don't need your protection.
- Oh. I think you do.
If it weren't for me. you
would have been indicted today.
As it is. you needn't worry
about the harbormaster any more.
What did you do?
Nobody was hurt. if that's
what you're concerned about.
In fact. a young man's life was saved.
I don't want to hear any more.
I'm leaving.
I believe I know the real reason
you don't want me to have the Fulcrum.
That is...?
Because you're afraid...
that once you give it to me.
you'll be of no further use
to me and...
you'll never see me again.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com web dl sync snarry
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm